It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Not all people who wander are lost.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
A glittering gem is not enough.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
The father died during childbirth.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She advised him to come back at once.